Cache
-----

Cache provides a shared location for cached data. This location can be
used by application authors to store semi-permanent data. Cache can be
placed anywhere on your computer where it will be "seen" by the Filer
during start up. (For instance, the "Resources" directory inside !Boot.)

Once "seen" it will set up a cache location, which can be shown by
double-clicking on !Cache.


Application Authors
----------- -------

Use Cache in a similar way to using Scrap. You *must not* assume that
Cache is present on the user's system however, as Cache is not an
official part of the system (like Scrap).

To use Cache you should:
 * Check for the presence of "<Cache$Dir>" before proceeding
 * Read from and write data to "<Cache$Dir>.APPNAME" where APPNAME has
   been allocated to you by the allocations service. See:
   http://www.riscosopen.com/content/allocate
 * If the APPNAME directory does not exist, you should create it.

This version of Cache is published by Adam Richardson who can be
contacted at riscos@snowstone.org.uk.

The website for Cache is: http://www.snowstone.org.uk/riscos/


Credits
-------

Cache is (c) Adam Richardson, 2007.
Thanks to Rob Kendrick for the initial idea and input.


License
-------

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
